Bugs:

Mouse constraints interfere with mouse controls. Switch  to pause / debug toggle rather than always on.


Balls are tunnelling on rare occasions. Consider either upping iterations and / or adding a check for balls that have gone off screen to have 
    them destroyed and respawned


Improvements Needed:

Opponent Controller only has one AI pattern. This needs expansion.
As it stands the aim is perfect, this should be adjustable to have a +/- on the aim angle
As it stands there is no accounting for puck velocity, a loop should be added to add predictive aiming (aiming at where the puck will be, rather 
    than where it is) and have that predictive aiming be adjustable
As it stands there is only one cooldown speed. The cooldown should be adjustable to allow for faster and slower opponents.
As it stands the AI only reloads when it's empty, it should model best practices and instead reload when there are balls in the trough.
As it stands there is only one target logic (closest puck), there needs to be more aiming targets. Puck closest to scoring would allow for a 
    more aggressive AI opponent.
As it stands the AI doesn't check to see if the path is clear between the target and the launcher (e.g. there may be other pucks or balls in the way)
    this should be added and adjustable.
As it stands the AI can only operate on one logic loop, once we add more than one aiming logic we should allow for switching between, and adjustable
    switching.


    Reloading:
One by one ball loading isn't satisfactory. Add multiple ball loading per key press. Allow for the number of balls to be both dynamic (e.g. 2+1d3), 
    and adjustable. Make sure that it's adjustable for the AI.

Consider adding a jamming function where the liklihood increases with the number of balls loaded per press, with an unjamming quicktime.
    (e.g. wiggle the shooter, or tap the reload button - to unjam)



Player stats:
    Loading: (Balls per press)
        Jamming/unjamming - rof or loading?
    Aiming
    Rate of Fire
        Jamming/unjamming -rof or loading?
    Launcher power
        Ball mass
    Special Abilities
        Defensive Powers
    Special Balls